the blocks .
yeah .
well , because that really got her . she was the most enthusiastic playing with that .
does she have any at home ?
not like this .
she has got . !
actually , I was gonna ask you where you got them . she has got bigger and smaller ones . she has got small wooden ones and great big cardboard ones .
but these are more fun to knock down .
hum .
do you have any routines you play a lot with her .
she seems to play a lot of hiding routines . !
yeah , on the changing table , I do put a diaper over her face and peek a boo with her .
do you do it with blocks also ?
I have never done it with blocks before .
I have never really been . right in front of her and had blocks .
usually , you know , if we are in this situation we are eating . And there is no fooling around !
when you took the doll and the dog with her , you tried to get her to do things you do at home 
yeah . like combing the dog and stuff ?
yeah , does she do things like that ?
yeah .
we have got a dog with a brush and . yeah .
and she combs her own hair .
Loren has a couple of brushes and . yeah .
she has . she has combed our dog before .
oh , I mean watched me and then you know had it in her hand but . you know .
she has also got some telephone routines .
oh yeah .
she has got a telephone !
yeah and , ours has a dial and I make it ring and she picks it up and says 
Hello .
and we usually pretend it is Daddy .
he calls sometimes at home .
we call him .
yeah , You want . this 
you call her attention to things like 
look at the boy . look at the girl .
Do you think she knows the difference when you say words like that ?
no . That picture , no no she might relate better to baby .
a lot of times I call things . baby , or . We have a Richard Scarry book that has a baby bunny . we just call him the baby .
we call him baby bunny , mommy bunny , sometimes too , but . I forgot where I saw the girl .
no . and I do not think . these would probably be better just baby .
but since these were side by side . did not hurt to differentiate , I guess , now , a little bit .
what are you doing ?
she likes to put things . the putting in and taking out . we have some stacking barrels . and she loves the . you know . putting things . Well , she will take all the barrels out . and keep the biggest one and fill it up with other things and buckets and with her small wooden blocks .
she likes to put them . away .
her books right now .
I do not know why she did not really respond to . most of the pictures are bigger . and and things that she can relate to better than chairs and cops . You know . more dogs and cats . We have got a while book of dogs and cats . the ducks are good . the balloons We have one with a birthday cake and these flowers , . she does not really . I do not think can really relate to that very well .
or just the plain blocks like that , but it's characters doing something . maybe , but , Jim said she said today while I was gone .
she is really into books .
she will bring books wherever you are in the house .
she will go into her room and bring books out and she backs up to you and sits down on your lap and wants them read to her . wants you to look at them with her .
I realize that . the whole first half I was really directing her a lot and talking . and as soon as I shut up . she began to talk .
I think that is . that happens a lot at home , too .
I did not think she was saying very much , but .
