she was real good at knowing all the names on the dapper Dan .
we have several Hupty Dumpty's and she calls all fat , stuffed toys Humpty Dumpty .
I noticed there's an several other play areas where we are , an she calls them all Humpty Dumpty !
I don't know why !
it's a familiar , familiar character , I guess .
she seemed to know the difference between buttons and snaps 
yeah , she knows buttons and snaps .
she can't do them .
she can't do them , but she knows when we do them .
she can't motor do them .
but she recognizes the difference between all of them .
I think so .
snaps is odd , except that all baby . , , t shirts have snaps on . so they're introduced to snaps very early !
you'd think that zippers would be easier to manipulate 
no they're not .
they're two handed .
I mean . you hafta hold one . and pull with the other .
who are you calling really ?
you never call mommy !
who are ya calling ?
hello ?
we don't have this kind of telephone . yeah , they're all dials .
that's a nice one , isn't it ?
hello ?
hello ?
ding , ding , ding . stop playing with the phone !
put the phone back ?
hello ?
this makes a sound !
yeah , usually we call daddy .
is daddy there ?
but she uses the real phone . she'll talk to him on the . phone . regular phone , so 
byebye !
can ya put it back ?
she calls the dog puppy .
do you have a dog at home ?
no .
my sister . my sister lives in the same house with us .
daddy home ?
no , he went to work !
does she use doggie and puppy interchangeably ?
yeah , and puppy dogs . no difference . same word .
I was noticing , in fact , thinking about this yesterday , quite a few words she says like that , kitty cat is a kitty cat , . but we looked at fish yesterday . in a tank , she . the big fish were . big fish and the small fish were baby fish .
so . she seems to make a distinction on . the size .
, but not with dogs .
she thought the dragon was a birdie .
yeah .
originally .
except that we have a book that has a dragon in it .
so , she knows a dragon .
you know that's why I was a little surprised , frankly .
I frankly was surprised that she didn't know that that was a dragon , but it's not , , you know , it's not long , . , which the dragon we know in the book is .
she has a lot of out , and in , and up , and down sort of words 
this is a nice toy , I've never seen this one before .
she hasn't been to a zoo yet , so she doesn't understand what those things are !
she's tried puppets at home; she's a little afraid of it , though .
but , , she knows . she knows what puppets . we have lots of puppets .
she's also . watching the muppets on television . my husband , for some reason . tells them that they're puppets , so I thought she would know . what puppet was . , because she uses puppets . she'll put them on her hand 
she seems to know the difference between toy and not toy 
I hope .
yeah , I hope she does .
because stereos and televisions . oh , aren't toys !
so she doesn't play with them , although she does play with them . it obviously doesn't work , but . I think it's important that she know that some things aren't for her to fool with .
this is Nan's . this is Nan's , it's not Annie's , and it's not a toy .
Nan's 
right .
she thought that the cow was a puppy 
yeah , a lot of things are horses . words , animals that she's not familiar with . mules , zebras , sheep . are horses . dogs are kind of a general one , for anything else that's left !
has she ever seen a cow . ?
no , but we have a . yeah , she's seen lots of pictures of cows , and we have a stuffed cow , but she never has really got . never has really understood cows or sheep .
let's get down , alright ?
let's get down .
you didn't even see this bunny .
what's that ?
mousie it's not a mousie , it's a bunny .
I'm reminded of a . handicapped CP girl that I worked with for . summers . and they tested her down at Canton school with a word association test .
and , , she said the words that were appropriate . to her environment . which were inappropriate to the answers of the test !
and , , I think that's what happens with a kid .
that's why the mother can can , interpret what she's saying , because they know . from whence it comes !
my husband hates cats , and every time he sees one , he goes 
rat !
it's obviously working , but I think it's getting her a bit confused !
are there toys that seem to make her talk more 
obviously , the books make her talk less .
do you use books for that activity ?
yeah , yeah , we have lots of books . she doesn't use books at this time of day usually .
it's usually at a quieter you know , when I'm trying to get her to . quiet down before . resting . and stuff , . we'll . sit and look at a book .
but it's hard for . someone her age to sit , anyway .
